Date: May 5th
Title: Napoli's Scudetto: Two Injured by Gunshots and Three by Fireworks

Body: Two people were injured by gunshots and three by fireworks during the celebrations for Napoli's Scudetto victory. The injuries occurred in different areas of the city, and the police are investigating the incidents. Napoli won their first Serie A title in over 30 years on Sunday, sparking widespread celebrations among fans.

- 10 mag.- 12:45
Incidente stradale a Roma: morti due giovani in scooter

Date: May 10th
Title: Road Accident in Rome: Two Young People on Scooter Killed

Body: Two young people on a scooter were killed in a road accident in Rome. The accident occurred in the early hours of the morning, and the cause is still under investigation. The victims were both in their early twenties. The incident has sparked calls for increased safety measures on the city's roads.

- 15 mag.- 09:00
Nuovo record di contagi in India: oltre 400.000 casi in un giorno

Date: May 15th
Title: New Record of Infections in India: Over 400,000 Cases in One Day

Body: India has reported over 400,000 new cases of COVID-19 in a single day, setting a new record for the country. The surge in cases has overwhelmed the country's healthcare system, with hospitals running out of beds and oxygen. The government has imposed strict lockdown measures in an attempt to curb the spread of the virus.

- 20 mag.- 15:30
Proteste in Colombia: almeno 24 morti e centinaia di feriti

Date: May 20th
Title: Protests in Colombia: At Least 24 Dead and Hundreds Injured

Body: Protests in Colombia have turned violent, with at least 24 people killed and hundreds injured. The protests were initially sparked by proposed tax reforms, but have since grown to encompass a range of issues, including police violence and inequality. The government has deployed the military to quell the unrest.Date: May 4th
Title: Sources, Appeals on Migrant Protection, Correction Approved

Body: The Italian government has approved a correction to a decree on migrant protection after sources and appeals highlighted issues with the original text. The decree aims to provide greater protection for migrants, including access to healthcare and education. The correction will address concerns raised by NGOs and other organizations.

- 09 mag.- 14:15
Elezioni in Scozia: vince il Partito Nazionale con maggioranza assoluta

Date: May 9th
Title: Elections in Scotland: National Party Wins Absolute Majority

Body: The Scottish National Party has won an absolute majority in the country's parliamentary elections. The party, which advocates for Scottish independence, won 64 of the 129 seats in the parliament. The result is seen as a mandate for a second independence referendum, which could take place in the coming years.

- 14 mag.- 10:00
Crisi in Israele: Hamas lancia razzi su Tel Aviv, Israele risponde con attacchi aerei

Date: May 14th
Title: Crisis in Israel: Hamas Launches Rockets on Tel Aviv, Israel Responds with Airstrikes

Body: The conflict between Israel and Hamas has escalated, with Hamas launching rockets on Tel Aviv and other cities in Israel. Israel has responded with airstrikes on Gaza, where Hamas is based. The violence has caused widespread damage and casualties on both sides, and there are fears of further escalation.

- 19 mag.- 08:30
Clima: emissioni di CO2 tornano ai livelli pre-pandemia

Date: May 19th
Title: Climate: CO2 Emissions Return to Pre-Pandemic Levels

Body: The International Energy Agency has reported that global CO2 emissions have returned to pre-pandemic levels. The pandemic had caused a temporary reduction in emissions due to decreased economic activity and travel. The report highlights the need for continued efforts to reduce emissions and address climate change.Date: May 4th
Title: Council of Ministers Grants Another 10 Years for Foibe Victims' Claims

Body: The Council of Ministers has granted another 10 years for the submission of claims by the victims of the Foibe massacres. The Foibe massacres were a series of killings of Italians in the aftermath of World War II. The extension aims to ensure that all victims and their families have the opportunity to seek justice.

- 08 mag.- 11:00
Covid-19: India records highest daily death toll

Date: May 8th
Title: COVID-19: India Records Highest Daily Death Toll

Body: India has recorded its highest daily death toll from COVID-19, with over 4,000 deaths reported in a single day. The surge in cases has overwhelmed the country's healthcare system, with hospitals running out of beds and oxygen. The government has faced criticism for its handling of the crisis.

- 13 mag.- 16:45
Brexit: tensione tra Regno Unito e Unione Europea per il protocollo dell'Irlanda del Nord

Date: May 13th
Title: Brexit: Tension Between UK and EU Over Northern Ireland Protocol

Body: Tensions between the UK and the EU have risen over the Northern Ireland Protocol, which governs trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. The UK has called for changes to the protocol, while the EU has insisted on its implementation. The dispute has raised concerns about the stability of the peace process in Northern Ireland.

- 18 mag.- 14:30
Cultura: riaprono i musei in Italia con nuove misure di sicurezza

Date: May 18th
Title: Culture: Museums in Italy Reopen with New Safety Measures

Body: Museums in Italy have reopened to the public with new safety measures in place. Visitors must wear masks and observe social distancing, and the number of visitors allowed inside at any one time is limited. The reopening is seen as a sign of the country's gradual return to normalcy after months of lockdowns and restrictions.